[Music]
three-two-one what is up guys karma
medic here and welcome back to another
dose if you need to the channel hi my
name is Nasir and I'm now a third year
medical student studying at King's
College London and in today's video I
wanted to do an everyday carry or an EDC
video something that I've been
interested in for quite some time and I
thought it would be interesting to show
you guys the items that I use on a daily
basis how it is that I use them and why
they improve my life alright I'm not
100% sure where to start but I guess
let's start with my iPhone this is the
red iPhone 8 this is the first and only
iPhone that I've ever bought before I
bought this iPhone I was a hardcore
Samsung user I used to only buy Samsung
phones and think they were the best
thing in the world so I bought this
iPhone after I purchased my macbook and
it was probably one of the best
decisions that I made the iPhone works
very very well with the MacBook and of
course my iPad and even my airports
which I'll talk about in a bit but
basically within the Apple ecosystem
everything just connects everything
syncs and there's so much ease of use
between the different devices and for me
something that I think about every
single second of the day is efficiency
and productivity and how I can save time
and cut corners and so even if I can
shave off a couple of seconds in the
actions that I perform every day by
having a bunch of Apple devices that
work together very well
then I'm happy to do it and I will use
it whenever I can when the iPhone 10
came out I actually really wanted to
upgrade to it but I couldn't get over
the fact that I had such a massive notch
at the top and on top of that it uses
face ID which I'm really not a fan of
I'm a huge advocate for the fingerprint
scanner because I like to have my phone
laying on the table somewhere and I just
click on it in order to see what's going
on so I decided to hold off I'm sticking
with my trusty 8th for another year
until the new iPhone comes out and
assuming that it meets all of the
requirements that I want I'm gonna
upgrade then the next thing that I want
to talk about is probably my favorite
thing on this table and that is this
card holder by a company called extre
now what's really cool about this wallet
is that it's incredibly slim it's very
very thin it has almost no profile at
all and it holds up to six cards and on
top of that has this really cool card
opening and closing mechanism which is
just really fun to use so before this
wallet I also had a very thin slim and
classy card holder by
Blanc so I used to use this wallet which
I actually really enjoyed and have
nothing bad to say about but ever since
I picked up this wallet and started
using this opening and closing mechanism
I just can't let it go the wallet comes
with this GPS tracking device so if you
ever lose your wallet you can track it
through an app on your phone and you can
double click this button over here and
it will ring your phone or you can open
the app on your phone and click a button
which will ring your wallet since I'm
really careful with my things I know
that I'm never gonna lose my wallet and
so personally I don't use this on top of
that it helps keep my wallet as thin and
small as possible but this is really
useful if you're someone who misplace is
your wallet all the time last time I
showed this wallet in a video you guys
left me a bunch of comments asking me
where I got it from so I'll leave a link
in the description and an app in comment
down below so you can check out all
right now I'm moving on to my two
watches over here this is the watch that
I've been wearing on my wrist
day in and day out for pretty much the
last six or seven years now as you guys
can tell I have scratched it up I've
beat it up it is ping on my wrist
literally non-stop for about six or
seven years
it's a psycho watch that my dad got me
when I graduated from high school and
I've worn it literally every single day
but that's something that's really
important to me with watches is that
they're comfortable to wear all the time
and you basically never need to take
them off and I know this is gonna sound
crazy but when I have a watch on my
wrist and I can look at it at a glance
I'm saving a little bit of time instead
of pulling out my phone turning it on
and then looking at the clonk obviously
I'm only saving a small amount of time
each time that I do this but over months
or years I'm I'm sure I'm saving myself
a lot of time honestly I really like
this watch and it's something that I
feel is very classic and can go with
pretty much any outfit that I wear I
love the idea that I'm always wearing
something on my wrist which is
mechanical has no electronic components
and just works and runs by itself so
recently I got an upgrade this is a
Rolex two-tone date just it's an
absolutely beautiful watch that I really
enjoy wearing and I don't think I'll
need to change or upgrade my watch for
the next 10 years or so I feel like this
is a much more mature watch it's more of
an adult watch and obviously I'm taking
really good care of it
the next thing that I want to talk about
is this pair of noise cancelling
headphones these have a really long name
I'm pretty sure it's the Sony WH 1000x
and threes I'll leave a corrected
version of that over here anyways these
aren't absolute necessity for me because
I live in central London which means
a big part of my daily life is commuting
on the London Underground which can be
extremely loud at times in fact one of
the tube journeys that I make every
single day is in the top three loudest
tube journeys in the whole of London so
having a noise-canceling pair of
headphones is very very valuable to me
it removes a lot of that noise decreases
my stress levels and just makes my time
commuting listening to audiobooks or
whatever that much more enjoyable on top
of that obviously they're really amazing
on airplanes for blocking out all of
that ambient noise I'm just for
listening to music they have a really
good sound profile as well so these are
a bit more on the expensive side but I
find them very worth the money
personally I like to spend a bit more
money on something that I know is gonna
last me for a long time rather than
buying something that's cheaper that
I'll have to replace more often alright
enough about the headphones now I'm
gonna move on to talk about the air pods
now I'm sure a bunch of you are
wondering hey Nasser why do you have
both a pair of noise cancelling
headphones and a pair of ear pods that
you carry with you every single day good
question and the answer is that these
have two very different use cases for me
the noise cancelling headphones are what
I use every single day while commuting
and also at the library if I want to
block out all the noise and focus on my
studies and then these airports are what
I use for basically every other
situation they're so tiny and portable
and then when I open them they instantly
pair with my iphone my iPad or my
macbook so they're highly valuable for
me when speed or efficiency is key if I
know that I'm just gonna listen to one
song or make a small journey it's a lot
easier to pull these out slow them in as
opposed to taking these headphones out
of my bag putting them on turning them
off etc okay and the next thing that I
want to talk about is my vlogging camera
which is up there recording the top down
shot that you see here this vlogging
camera is the Sony rx100 Mark 7 and the
reason it's such an incredible camera is
it basically serves the same function as
the big camera that I'm using to record
this view over here which is the sony
a6000 except it's so small that it fits
in the palm of my hand or in the pockets
of my trousers or a jacket and that's
incredibly valuable for me because when
I'm running around the city to and from
class vlogging making videos I need to
be able to pull on my camera and get the
shot that I want to capture at the time
that it's actually happening with this
camera that has a huge microphone on top
of it and is usually attached to a
massive tripod as well there's too much
latency period between seeing something
that I went to film taking off my bag
opening it up pulling out the vlog setup
turning on
camera and then filming it's something
that's made filming for me much more
accessible much more easy and has
allowed me to upload even more videos on
this channel it's made me really excited
to do even more vlogs because I know I
can take it around with me wherever I
want to pull it out quickly and just
shoot shaving off even more of those
vital seconds every single day now going
along with that vlogging camera is this
small tripod setup over here this is the
smallest tripod setup that I've managed
to find anywhere I was on Amazon looking
for small tripods for the longest time
and everyone that came was about this
tall in comparison to this so this is
actually a mash-up between three
different things this is a stand from a
phone stabilizer that my friends from
Canada got me when I started this whole
YouTube channel this is a Joby
Gorillapod head from the 1k tripod and
then this is a Manfrotto head plate so
it's a mixture of three different
products that have come together in
order to make what I think is the
smallest possible tripod that you can
have so this is great because it's very
light and it's very small obviously so I
leave it in my bag all the time just in
case I want to put my vlogging camera on
a tripod and set up a shot where I can
move around and have my hands-free the
second last thing that I want to talk
about is this journal here by moleskin
has my initials engraved at the bottom
alexia got it for me for Christmas and
the reason that I'm really enjoying
using gaze because although I'm always
promoting going paperless and in general
I use almost no paper in my life I find
that for my to-do list specifically if I
don't physically write it down on a
piece of paper I'll never get it done
the to-do list apps on my phone or on my
laptop that I used to use I just
wouldn't check often enough to make sure
that I actually get everything done and
so I'm trying to get into the habit of
using a physical journal or a physical
notepad in order to make sure that I
remember everything and I don't forget
about my appointments and deadlines
I've also tied a small knot to the top
of this string here so I can permanently
attach this pen and that way I'll never
be without a pen if I ever need to jot
down something in the journal alright
and then last but not least is a recent
purchase which I've also enjoyed quite a
bit it is this chillies water bottle now
I like this in comparison to a lot of
other water bottles that I've tried is a
it actually doesn't leak which is
fantastic so I can throw it in my bag
without worrying about all of these
electronic components that are in there
as well and on top of that it actually
keeps drinks cold or hot for much longer
than a lot of the other thermoses that
I've used in the past so if you guys are
looking for it
and you're worried about leaking or it
not being good at keeping things warm
honestly these Chile's water bottles I
would highly recommend and alright guys
I think I've talked about everything
that's here on the desk now I hope you
enjoyed this every day carry or EDC
video I know it's different to a lot of
things that I usually upload here on the
channel hopefully you're enjoying
something new and this variety of videos
anyways if you did enjoy please do leave
me a thumbs up on this video and
subscribe to my channel to see more
content from me in the future and I will
see you guys in the next one peace
you
and the last thing that I carry every
single day he's a mini Alexia in my back
pocket